
I have a problem ... a math problem
Math is always throwing problems at me
I solve 1 and Boom Math throws a harder 1
A Brain Buster ... so I rage
But I can’t GIVE UP MATH
Math is in my blood ... PROBLEMS CALL 2 ME
I want 2 BREAK THE HABIT ... but I can’t
So I push MATH
I push on the WEB
I push on the STREETS
I push in the CLASS
I push MATH 2 YOU
So YOU 2 have a MATH PROBLEM


I have a serious Problem with math,
I solve one, then another and yet another.
But still the day passes, the sun sets,
The moon rises and the night falls and by then so
Much has transpired.
So much in fact that I forgot what I’ve learned and solved to an extent.
But I can’t give up, for you see the dawn
Breaks and the sun rises, I awake and I know
I can count on Phill to lend a hand
And reiterate on this new day.
Managing Stress to Improve Learning


When it comes time to do math
I always get a little scared
That’s when my conscious comes into play
And suddenly I have no-fear
I put my best foot forward as if I’ve already passed
I think I can,
I know I can defeat this task called math
My brain starts revving up,
My pounding heart slows down,
But still remain a lion
I’ll drag this sum around get upset and loos this battle, something I just can’t allow.
I read examples, follow the rules and learn ways to succeed
I do this ‘til I’m tire and math submits to me ...


Me and math have a love and hate relationship.
I hate math but love it when I find the answer to a math problem.
I get excited when I realize that I solved it.
The discouragement I feel, when I get to the next problem
and see that this problem is not like the last.
What the hell is this!!
Inhale, exhale. I think, I research.
Finally, I understand, now I can explain it.
Multiply, divide, add, subtract, and conquer
I’m going to beat this math with math.
Integers, percentages, I got it.
Love you now, hate you later
What’s next, so that we can continue this relationship.

My relationship with math is complicated.
We always butt heads when it comes to fractions and percentages.
The math always wins and I’m tired of it.
So we will continue to have an up and down relationship unit I get it.
That day is coming real soon.
Cause I will have a better understanding of the fractions percentages
and that’s that!!!
Managing Stress to Improve Learning


Numeration is a murderer,
7 ate 9,
When he got into court,
He said, ‘I had to dine!’
Subtraction is like ice cream,
They both disappear,
I know someone who likes them,
And he is a peer.
Subtraction is like geometry,
They both use line segments,
Line segments are used a lot,
They’re on the monuments.
Subtraction is a casino,
You never come out with more,
When you do get some cash,
You’ll use it at the store.
Addition is a birthday party,
You always get more,
You get a bit of money,
And presents galore.
Division is like friends,
You have to share with both,
Both are essential
For your childhood growth.

Multiplication is a herd of animals,
It’s always getting bigger,
But when one set hits another,
I think they’ll merge together.


Operations are really cool,
It’s one of the things I like,
Math and fishing are also great,
We measured my caught pike.
